Feat/v1.6.0 (#91)
valory-xyz/open-aea: HISTORY.md

# Release History - open AEA

## 1.6.0 (2022-03-17)

AEA:
- Adds support for packages hashing with `IPFSHashOnly` from `aea.helpers.ipfs.base`
- Updates the `aea run` command to print hash table for available packages in an agent project

Plugins:

> - Makes error rasing optional when sending transactions and adds error logging for the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Makes error raising optional when sending transactions (via `raise_on_try` keyword) and adds error logging for the same
```
